Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
GERMANY. SPRING 1945
There he is!
Yeah!
Let's go!
Right.
Now we shoot for real.
Fuck!
Move! Get that son of a bitch!
The rest of you too!
Keep going!
Got you. Private.
I want him alive.
Our mission can wait.
Sergeant…
Desertion is treason. Private.
Treason against the Führer.
treason against the Fatherland…
Treason.
Poland. France. Italy. Russia.
You've been around.
Shit. Köhler. Be careful. you dumbass.
"Iron Cross."
"Tank Destruction Badge."
Close Combat Clasp in bronze.
And a face like something Arno Breker
sculpted in marble to go with it.
Aryan blood in the veins.
but the heart of a coward.
You're a disgrace.
What is your reason
for betraying the Fatherland?
I never wanted this war.
Nobody asked me.
They just put me in this uniform.
and I fought anyway.
For six years. Six senseless years.
I'm done with this madness.
We've all had to take a lot of beatings.
and. yes. we're on our knees.
But we're not down yet.
We will get back up.
and we will strike back.
It's in our blood!
We fight. we suffer. we bleed. and we die.
But we are a nation of winners.
We are a nation of murderers.
You're a tough son of a bitch.
I'll give you that.
It won't break your neck right away.
That way. you'll suffer a little longer.
Once you've pissed and shat your pants
and your swollen tongue is hanging
out of your mouth like an old rag.
you'll be glad to finally get to croak.
Dörfler. you sick bastard!
We're ready.
-And now let's go get the gold.
-At last!
There's Daddy!
Daddy. come with us.
No. Karl. he can't.
Daddy has to stay here.
He needs to take care of Lottchen now.
-Farewell.
-Mommy. Karl! Wait for me!
Lottchen…
Daddy?
Daddy. don't leave me on my own.
Soldiers!
Dad. soldiers!
What. here in our village?
Brigitte. the Americans are here!
No. Dad. It's our people. The SS. I think.
What?
Oh God. Get the portrait
from the cellar and hang it up again.
I'm not your lackey. Robert.
Elisabeth…
My name is Elsa. soldier.
Hey! Let go of her!
It's all right. Paule.
That's my brother.
The paste helps.
Elsa made it herself.
Paule has a very special gift.
You're pretty strong.
Just like Reichsmarschall Gustav.
Our old ox.
Right. now we can strap you
to our plow too.
I don't think that's a good idea.
You have to rest.
You must be hungry. soldier.
My name
is Heinrich.
Lieutenant Colonel!
Robert Schlick.
Mayor and local group leader.
at your service.
Johannes Löwenstein.
Does the name mean anything to you. Mayor?
Yes. he was a Jew
who used to live here in the village.
Well. his parents and siblings did.
Löwenstein himself lived in Essen
but came to visit them regularly.
Take us to the Löwensteins' house.
But they're not here anymore.
I'm proud to report that our village
has been free of Jews since November '38--
Take us to the house.
Just as you wish.
Please follow me
through our lovely village.
It was a beautiful house
but also a beautiful fire.
A few days after we chased away
the Jewish scum.
If you play with fire--
What happened to the Jews' belongings?
Did they take anything with them?
We allowed them to take some clothes.
That's all.
Was the house looted?
Well. Möller took
some pieces of furniture.
and some of the women took dishes
and bedding and stuff.
But nothing else.
American low-fliers.
They've been buzzing around like mosquitos
for days. More and more of them.
You can go.
If I need you. I'll send for you.
With pleasure. Lieutenant Colonel.
Oh. I just wanted to say.
I also run the Kronprinz Rudolf inn
here in the village.
And. well. we don't have much.
but what we have. we'd be happy to share
with you and your men. Lieut--
-That goes without saying.
-Yes.
We have to take it apart. stone by stone.
It'll be a pain in the ass.
If you'd shown a bit more restraint.
the Jew would have told us
the exact hiding place.
They want the gold.
-Tell me. Robert.
-Yes. yes. yes.
Then let's get out of here.
We can start over somewhere else.
How do you imagine that working?
It's not as simple as that.
I have children.
Yes. funny that.
Even though you've got no balls.
Sonja!
Why are you helping me?
Because I hate those Nazi bastards.
Those pigs killed our father.
They took him two years ago
for making subversive statements.
He never came back.
The same people who ratted on him
then drove us from our farm.
I wouldn't want anyone
to take a closer look at Paule.
Because I'm such a handsome guy!
Yes. We've been here ever since.
Now I've ruined your appetite. huh?
-I'll tell you one of Dad's Hitler jokes.
-Oh yeah!
Come on. Brigitte.
Get a move on. The gentlemen are thirsty.
See to it. then.
"My dear Yank whore…"
-Here you go.
-What the hell. Dörfler. you asshole!
What? For a few nylon stockings.
she'd suck any cock.
Control yourselves. gentlemen.
Don't you have
anything better than this slop?
I'm sorry. Sergeant.
We've got turnips
coming out of our ears too.
For someone who's starving.
your boy looks in good shape.
-That's right.
-Tell me.
Why is a strapping lad
such as yourself not at the front.
defending our Fatherland. huh?
Micha. go to the kitchen. Peel potatoes.
Order a foraging expedition
to all farmyards tomorrow morning.
We need rations urgently.
Who knows when we'll get
another opportunity.
Three beers.
This inn is my headquarters now.
Civilians may not enter.
Look.
I think that's Dresden.
Shit. My aunt lives there.
The early bird catches the worm!
Speaking of gold.
the disfigured man doesn't really think
he'll take it to the Führer?
Wait a sec.
I rounded up everyone who could hold
a shovel. We're making good progress.
We have no time to lose.
The French have crossed the Rhine.
and the Americans are approaching
from the south and west.
Lieutenant Colonel!
What?
Do you really think we'll manage
to break through enemy lines?
We'll find a way.
Our men are exhausted.
They will regain strength
in the Alpine Fortress.
We'll be surrounded just as much
in the mountains.
Are you questioning the Führer. Sergeant?
-Have you lost faith in the final victory?
-No--
Or are you thinking of deserting as well?
Like that private.
Of course not!
Victory…
or death.
There is no other option.
I ordered you to secure provisions.
Rogge. move. Get provisions.
You'll take care of it yourself.
-Wouldn't it be better if I stayed here--
-I gave you an order. Sergeant!
Yes. sir!
You're the best. Rita.
Good morning.
I have to go.
You badly needed that sleep.
And a good breakfast. too. I'm sure.
Paule is just getting fresh eggs.
No need.
Why are you in such a hurry to go?
I have to.
Regain your strength first.
Thanks.
I could use some help here.
My wife and my son were killed
in a bombing raid on Hagen.
Elisabeth was seven months pregnant.
But Lottchen survived.
Neighbors wrote to me to say
they took her in.
Then at least put on
some other clothes first.
Or they'll string you up again
at the next corner.
Elsa. there are people coming! A truck!
The same ones?
Yes.
Krause. Niemann. Get the critters.
Yes. sir!
Come here. chicken.
Cluck. cluck. here. Come here. Come on!
What an idiot.
Just catch the fucking chicken. Niemann!
What are you doing?
I'm getting provisions for my troops.
Do you have a problem with that?
Great. Niemann. You chicken thief!
But don't take them all.
We need to live too.
You're a dangerous one. huh?
Paule.
Why are they killing our animals?
They're not allowed to.
Don't worry.
They'll be gone in a minute.
I thought that kind of vermin
had long been eradicated.
-You're not allowed to kill our animals.
-Shut up. moron.
I'm not a moron!
-Who else lives here?
-No one. Just my brother and me.
Why are there three cups?
My brother doesn't like to drink
from the same cup twice.
So he is a moron.
Disgusting coffee substitute.
What I wouldn't give
for a really delicious coffee bean!
Don't you have a man?
My fiancé is at war.
Oh yeah? When did he last write to you?
Long time ago. huh? He's not coming back.
You know that as well as I do.
Handsome boy.
But he's worm food by now.
Give it back.
Come and get it.
Elsa!
Come on. throw him out!
You miserable little slut!
Stay outside. you subhuman.
No. no. no. no.
Don't just stand there like an idiot!
Hold on to the slut!
-Dörfler. you can't do this.
-Come on. buddy.
Stop!
Let go of me. you pig!
Guys. stop it. please.
Come on.
you haven't fucked for ages either.
But it's my turn first.
-We're not the fucking Red Army.
-Shut the fuck up. you wimp!
If this gets out. we'll all be shot.
If this gets out. then I'll shoot you.
Here. Just imagine it's him.
Get those long johns off!
You're dead.
What's going on in there?
Oh fuck!
Fuck!
Paule.
It's all right.
Thanks for the clothes.
These assholes are vacationing
in Sonnenberg.
His name was Hans.
We'd known each other since childhood.
We have to go.
We have to take Rita with us!
Not now.
We can spend the night here.
-What's wrong?
-We have to go back.
We can't go back.
But I have to milk Rita.
Or else she'll scream.
Forget the stupid cow!
Rita isn't stupid.
Rita is having a baby calf!
They wanted to kill us.
Don't you get that?
There. That was the last stitch.
How could the private have survived?
No idea.
The farm girl must have cut him down
from the tree.
-I still have to bandage you up.
-Oh. kiss my ass.
Are you injured anywhere else?
No.
Don't worry.
I'll go back to that fucking farm
tomorrow morning.
To let him escape a third time?
I'll get that bastard.
Come on. Paule. you have to eat something.
Get some rest.
Everything okay?
Paule misses his cow.
I meant how you were doing.
Everything's fine.
Thanks.
I've only seen my daughter once
since she was born.
She basically has no idea who I am.
Maybe she's better off without me.
Are you kidding me?
You run through the woods for weeks
and now you're chickening out?
What did I cut you down from the tree for?
I risked my life for you.
Your daughter is the reason
you're still alive.
I'm sure you're a good father.
Elsa?
All good. Paule.
What are you doing?
Nothing. Go to sleep.
Good morning.
Are you still sitting there?
I closed my eyes briefly.
Blinked or what?
Hasn't Paule made a peep yet?
Not yet.
Paule? Where's my coffee?
Paule?
Shit.
We have to get out of here fast. Rita.
Look how he runs.
Look at that moron.
Where are they? Where's the private?
I made them disappear.
Moron.
You can kill him. Dörfler.
He won't tell you anything.
Rita!
Throw that sack of meat onto the truck.
And the cow too.
We'll have goulash tonight!
Rita!
Paule!
We'll get him out.
We searched everywhere.
turned over every stone. There's no gold.
-Bring me the mayor.
-Yes. sir.
Have you found the gold?
What's that?
The farm girl's brother.
The private?
-No trace.
-Lieutenant Colonel…
Lieutenant Colonel.
how can I be of assistance?
Where's the gold?
Gold?
The Jew Löwenstein wanted
to buy his way out.
-From the concentration camp.
-I know nothing about that.
We know that the Jew hid a box
with 31 bars in it inside this house.
All residents of this dump
to the village square.
At twelve o'clock sharp.
Ready…
I AM UNWORTHY OF LIFE
Don't look.
Come on. This way.
In the name of God. stop!
"Unworthy of life"?
No life is unworthy.
Stand aside.
Your Jesus. preacher.
was only the son of a Jewish whore.
and he won't protect you.
What are they going to do to him?
-Is there another entrance?
-This way.
You there in the house. get out!
-To the marketplace.
-Elsa?
The SS have Paule.
Come on. hurry up!
What's going on?
Come with us.
Come on. hurry up!
You can do a gallows knot. right?
Let's see if his head is torn off
or if he dangles.
Ladies and gentlemen. may I present
the Hunchback of Sonnenberg!
The Hunchback had a hump. you moron!
Come on!
"Unworthy of life"?
I'll show you who's unworthy of life!
Move! Find somewhere else.
They took Paule to the top.
Don't leave me behind!
My rifle!
Come on. Köhler. show us
what you learned at your fucking Napola.
Come on. move!
I'll show you. Yeah!
Who's the moron now. huh?
Paule!
Elsa?
No!
Paule!
Paule…
We have to get out of here.
I'll take him.
Either you tell me now
where the Jew's gold is
or I start shooting people.
one after the other.
until you tell me!
Please don't!
-I'll start with your failure of a son!
-Elsa.
-Please don't!
Elsa. don't…
Don't shoot!
Private!
Come on. you dogs!
He ran upstairs. Come on. inside!
-Yes. sir!
-Inside!
Come on. get the guy!
Look out!
Fuck!
-Come on. keep going!
-What about Schröder?
Private!
Give me your weapon!
Private! What's wrong. no more ammo?
He's trapped.
Go on. get the bastard!
Move your fat ass. you fucking coward.
Can you see him anywhere?
Fuck!
Go to hell!
He's going into the house. Go. get him!
Hello. Private.
Private!
Take cover!
Come on! Everyone over here!
Move. you lazy bastards!
You two go that way!
You come with me!
Look in the barn.
The cockroach must be somewhere.
Oh my God.
We've searched the barns. He's not there.
Seal off the streets
so that he can't escape across the fields.
Yes. sir.
-You come with me.
-Yes. sir.
There. I hope this will last
for a while now.
Thank you.
Are you a soldier?
I was a soldier.
My sons.
Friedhelm was killed in Italy.
Peter in Stalingrad.
Irmgard?
Wait.
Where were you?
I've been looking for you all over.
What happened?
This is Heinrich.
He tried to help Elsa free her brother.
I've buried Paule.
What about Elsa?
The SS took her to the inn.
Stop.
You'd better not put
any strain on your leg.
It can start bleeding again at any time.
You need to rest now.
Do you know why the SS are here?
They're here for the gold.
They're serious.
It's a complicated situation.
You saw them. They're going
to shoot everyone. one after the other.
So. what are we going to do?
You're crazy. I didn't do this
just to lose everything now.
Robert. the war will be over soon.
Then we'll be rich.
They were going to shoot my son.
We're not in control anymore.
Robert. wait!
You'll keep your mouth shut. understand?
You don't understand.
You don't have a family!
Stay here. You'll keep your mouth shut!
Robert. we can do it!
It's over.
What's all this about?
Playing cowboys and Indians
without little Sonja?
Just like old times? I was never allowed
to join in then either.
Don't let him suffer too long.
Give it to me.
Please. Wilhelm. Please!
There.
Now what?
Now we get the gold.
…reached the outskirts of the capital.
Berlin has thus become a frontline city.
Defenders of Berlin.
the eyes of your wives. of your mothers.
and of your children are upon you!
Why aren't you eating?
The meat is so tender.
She must have been a happy cow.
-Hofer.
-Yes. sir.
Take this away.
Wait.
This too.
You needn't be afraid of me.
You remind me of a girl I once knew.
I loved her very much.
But I couldn't marry her.
Rebecca was a Jew.
I couldn't stay with her.
And so I shot her.
I didn't want her to be sent to a camp.
I wanted it…
to be over quickly.
But I'll make up for it.
I will never leave you.
I will forever protect you.
Come with me…
Rebecca.
The Löwensteins were
the only Jewish family in the village.
They were such lovely people.
Suddenly. people stirred up hatred
against them.
The mayor was the loudest voice
at community meetings.
He said we had to "fulfill our duty
as National Socialists."
"This Jewish scum doesn't belong here."
…calling for war on the German people.
shooting down German officials.
That's right!
That's why I demand vengeance for Rath!
Vengeance for Rath!
And in the fall of '38.
shortly before the November pogrom.
their eldest son. Johannes.
came back to the village.
He lived in Essen.
He had married into
a wealthy merchant family there
and taken over the company.
Then came Kristallnacht.
Get out! Go! Get out! Your stench
has polluted our town for long enough!
Your town?
My ancestors helped build your town.
Have you forgotten that already.
Mr. Robert Schlick?
I don't understand you.
We've never done anything to you.
You! You murdered Jesus!
You scum! That's right!
Since when have you cared about the Lord.
Wilhelm Reinkober?
I haven't seen you in church for years.
I care about the well-being
of the German people.
That's right. Die. Jew. die!
Johannes was sure that something terrible
lay in store for them as Jews here.
He and his wife sold the company
and wanted to go into exile
in Palestine with the Löwensteins.
But… his parents didn't want to go.
They refused.
This was their home.
They were Germans.
Jewish whore!
Have you gone mad?
What are you doing? For God's sake!
The gold must have come from
the proceeds of the company sale.
The angry mob didn't notice it.
Except for Sonja and the other scoundrels.
Just wait!
How is this possible?
Have you ever seen people in a blood rage?
I've been at war for six years.
I've seen myself in a blood rage.
Die. you swine!
I was paralyzed.
I couldn't believe
this was really happening.
No one ever spoke of that night again.
It's as if it had never happened.
As if the Löwensteins had never existed.
There were rumors that Johannes Löwenstein
and his wife were arrested
before they could board a ship
to Palestine.
That would explain why the SS have left
no stone unturned in the Löwenstein ruin.
And the gold?
The mayor. Reinkober. and Wirtz hid it.
They probably wanted to wait
until the dust settled. Then the war came.
-And now the SS will get the gold.
-No. they won't.
This isn't possible.
There's…
nothing here.
Where is it?
What is it?
Do you think one of us took it?
You tell me.
Robert.
It could only have been Robert.
Now he's dead.
Where is the gold?
You're seeing ghosts.
Is she? Or where did you get the money
to repair your roof?
Are you singing the same tune now?
What is this? Maybe you've got it!
Stay away from me. you rotten skunk!
Shut up. you damn cripple!
You stupid ass.
Give me my leg back right now!
Wait. there's something here!
What is it? The gold?
"Thou shalt not steal."
"Thou shalt not kill."
The goddamn preacher.
Where's the gold now?
In the church.
We didn't want the murderers
to get the gold.
Show me where the gold is.
What's your plan?
We'll give the SS what they want.
If people knew what they'd been praying
in front of all this time…
What are you doing down there?
The ring slipped off my finger.
It's a little too big.
We'll adjust it.
Did you really mean what you said?
What?
That you'll always protect me.
Till the end of our days.
Thank you.
What have you done?
I loved my brother. you bastard.
All right. sleep well. okay?
No way!
We'll drag the preacher out of bed.
No need.
Don't beat this one to death.
We still need him.
Oh. he can take it.
Right. preacher?
Here you go.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
Shit!
The Yanks have broken through the entire
frontline. They'll be here within hours.
-We're not leaving without the gold.
-The war is lost. You know that.
What can I do? As long as that madman
in his chimney-sweep outfit is--
Get down!
Hey. you in there!
That goddamn private.
What do you want?
The girl.
You get the gold in return.
He has the gold.
No shit.
I'll get her. Private!
Hurry up!
Lieutenant Colonel!
Lieutenant Colonel! The private is here!
He has the gold!
Lieutenant Colonel?
What's going on?
Shit.
Where's von Starnfeld?
The fucking coward ate his cyanide capsule
after preaching to us about final victory.
What an asshole.
-And the girl?
-The girl's gone.
Now what?
Now I'm in charge.
What about the girl?
She's with me!
I'm bringing her out now!
Stop!
Send her over alone.
Go on. fuck off. farm girl!
Faster. Elsa. Hurry up.
Pull the jacket down.
Get down!
Braun! What's he doing?
No idea.
Cover me.
Understood.
Thank God!
Where's Heinrich?
-Why do you ask?
-He wanted to buy your freedom.
I heard an explosion. And gunshots.
I have to go back.
But not like that.
Come with me.
Who do you think shot them all?
Ten-pointers. twelve-pointers. wild boars.
I've had them all in my sights.
It gets dangerous
if you only wound the animal.
Then you need the hunting knives
and to get up close.
Once. in Nimmertal.
a wounded boar came right at me.
-I stopped it with this.
-I'd love to hear the story.
But first we have
some Nazi pigs to hunt down.
Where's the gold?
Whatever happened to that wonderful girl?
The one I baptized?
"Thou shalt not steal"?
Start talking. you dirty thief!
Did you hear the bang? What was that?
Hit his knee with the pickax.
Sonja. please stop.
His screams will rouse the whole village.
Do what you want.
Then we'll go to Irmgard.
I know you share a bed with the widow.
Whatever happened to celibacy?
They're bandaging him up.
But we won't call off the hunt
because of that.
"Dear Heinrich."
"It is so painful
to have to write you these words."
"Lisbeth and Karl
did not survive the raid."
"They were buried in the cellar."
"But Lotte is alive and well."
"We took her in."
"Take care."
"Grete."
It breaks your heart. doesn't it?
I'm welling up here.
Nice to have you back. Private.
You're lucky we have the same blood type.
And now you show me where the gold is.
Or else I'll go to Hagen.
I'll find your brat. I promise you.
And then I'll drown her in a bucket.
So.
where's the gold?
Okay. where?
In the altar.
The marble top can be moved.
What are you waiting for?
Okay.
What were you planning to do?
Have a nice life together with the widow?
Maybe not everyone is like you. Sonja.
Don't act all holier-than-thou.
Move it. Private.
Don't pretend to be tired.
Off to the church!
Wait.
They're in for a surprise there.
Yes!
The gold is here.
What's this?
Motherfucker.
What the fuck was that?
No idea. Maybe the wrath of God.
Good morning. preacher!
Just in time for morning mass!
Holy shit.
You're a couple
of callous sons of bitches.
A booby trap?
-Heinrich.
-Elsa!
Elsa. stop.
Braun. get a crate from the truck.
Yes. sir.
And you.
come here.
Maybe I'll visit your daughter after all.
What do you think of that?
Private?
I can't hear you.
Take cover!
Stupendous.
Oh shit.
Get out of here!
Fuck me.
-What was that?
-Who fired that shot?
No!
Heinrich.
Weapon!
Fuck!
You're nothing but a dirty old whore.
I told you.
wounded boars are the most dangerous.
Fuck.
No!
Elsa.
Shit!
Well. my two lovelies?
Am I spoiling your wedding?
Oh. Private.
You really are a dangerous one.
You want the gold?
Eat it!
Come on.
HAGEN. GERMANY
Mr. Wahrlich?
Heinrich?
Grete. look who it is.
Heinrich.
Look. Lottchen. There's your father.
Hello. Lottchen.
Daddy!
Daddy.